PYTHON-5877 Add codeql composite action (#108)
mongodb-labs/drivers-github-tools: README.md

- By specifying a relative path, which is then linked to the corresponding git blob for the tagged version
- By adding the `security-report-url` to the AWS Secrets Vault

## Security Actions

### CodeQL Analysis

This action runs CodeQL analysis for a single language. It includes checkout,

> Python setup, CodeQL initialization, an optional manual build step, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language setup, CodeQL initialization, an optional manual build step, and the
```

analysis itself — centralising the pinned CodeQL action version so Dependabot

> only needs to update one file across all drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only needs to update one file across all repos using the action.
```

```yaml
jobs:
  analyze:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    timeout-minutes: 360
    permissions:
      security-events: write
    strategy:
      fail-fast: false
      matrix:
        include:
        - language: c-cpp
          build-mode: manual
        - language: python
          build-mode: none
        - language: actions
          build-mode: none
    steps:
    - uses: mongodb-labs/drivers-github-tools/codeql@v3
      with:
        language: ${{ matrix.language }}
        build-mode: ${{ matrix.build-mode }}
        config: |
          paths-ignore:
            - 'doc/**'

>             - 'test/**'

Author: `manual-build-command` now a first-class input:

- Build step runs it
- README examples pass it through in both the matrix and `ref` snippets.

```

Pass `ref` when the workflow is invoked via `workflow_call` with a specific git
ref:

```yaml
    - uses: mongodb-labs/drivers-github-tools/codeql@v3
      with:
        language: ${{ matrix.language }}
        build-mode: ${{ matrix.build-mode }}
        ref: ${{ inputs.ref }}

> ```

Author: `manual-build-command` now a first-class input:

- Build step runs it
- README examples pass it through in both the matrix and `ref` snippets.

- By adding the `security-report-url` to the AWS Secrets Vault

## Security Actions

### CodeQL Analysis

This action runs CodeQL analysis for a single language. It includes checkout,
language setup, CodeQL initialization, an optional manual build step, and the
analysis itself — centralising the pinned CodeQL action version so Dependabot
only needs to update one file across all repos using the action.

```yaml
jobs:
  analyze:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    timeout-minutes: 360
    permissions:
      security-events: write
    strategy:
      fail-fast: false
      matrix:
        include:
        - language: c-cpp
          build-mode: manual
          manual-build-command: make
        - language: python
          build-mode: none
        - language: actions
          build-mode: none
    steps:
    - uses: mongodb-labs/drivers-github-tools/codeql@v3
      with:
        language: ${{ matrix.language }}
        build-mode: ${{ matrix.build-mode }}
        manual-build-command: ${{ matrix.manual-build-command }}
        config: |
          paths-ignore:
            - 'doc/**'
            - 'test/**'

> ```

Author: Build command is now passed explicitly so snippet works across languages.
